= rack-superfeedr

A gem that provides a rack middleware to interact with {Superfeedr}[http://superfeedr.com/]'s PubSubHubbub API. It let you *subscribe*, *unsubscribe* and *receive* incoming feed notifications.
This should work with any Rack-compatible framework, as well as fully managed platforms like {Heroku}[http://www.heroku.com/].

== Installing

    gem install rack-superfeedr
    
== Using

You first need a {subscriber account}[http://superfeedr.com/subscriber] with Superfeedr.

*Warning* : your web application needs to be accessible for Superfeedr to send notifications. If you want to test it locally, we suggest you use it with a tool like {showoff}[https://showoff.io/] which will make your local port accessible from the outside world.

=== Sinatra

See the {example}[https://github.com/superfeedr/rack-superfeedr/blob/master/examples/sinatra_app.rb]... and {check the docs}[http://rubydoc.info/github/superfeedr/rack-superfeedr/master/Rack/Superfeedr] for more details. 

=== Rails

Tested with Rails 3.2, but should work with any Rails version that supports Rack.

Install the gem (using bundle), and then in <code>config/application.rb</code>, inside the <code>class Application < Rails::Application</code> block, just add the following line.

  config.middleware.use Rack::Superfeedr, { :host => DOMAIN, :login => SUPERFEEDR_LOGIN, :password => SUPERFEEDR_PASSWORD} do |superfeedr|
    Superfeedr = superfeedr
  end

You can then access the Superfeedr object anywhere in your rails application with <code>YOUR_APP::Application::Superfeedr</code>.


== Contributing
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2012 Superfeedr. See LICENSE.txt for further details.

